{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red196\green195\blue235;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12600\viewh7800\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs36 \cf0 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
I'm selling my\'a0hand built 
\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
audiophile
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 grade balanced 
\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
preamplifier
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
, it is fully functional and has been calibrated for\'a0optimum\'a0performance. It has been used lightly in my HiFi audio\'a0system for\'a0about 2 years, I am looking to upgrade to a new\'a0design, it has been listed for parts only because in\'a0doesn't comply with UL\'a0certification. Which is not practical to get on a DIY project, it has been built to full 
\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Class 2 (IPC-A-610) and (IPC-J-STD-001)
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 specs. But does not included and\'a0warranty\'a0because its a prototype build. Here are some of the features\'a0and technical details. It uses three modified versions of the 
\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Sigma 22
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 power supply to power the\'a0various audio circuits. It has a ADC chip that converts the volume pot movement into binary code to switch the 
\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
R2R ladder
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 relays and attenuate the volume\'a0which\'a0it has 64 steps. The\'a0audio signal never goes through a rotary\'a0potentiometer\'a0only dale 1%\'a0tolerance\'a0
\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
military grade resistors
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 for the best sound quality. The gain stage is the CCS version of the 
\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
BOSOZ
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 preamp circuit and uses 2N60 MOSFETS attached to the case as a heatsink. (The circuit can be found on diyaudio.com) All high quality parts are used, Panasonic FM, Nichicon Muse, AEON signal capacitors, Fairchild FET's, Dale 1% resistors, all 
\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
gold plated
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 connectors. It includes a 
\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
fully balanced signal path
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
, and
\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 discrete hi-biased Class A MOSFET based no feedback circuits
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 for all signals. (Expect Low Pass Output) It has a 100Hz High pass filter at 12db per octave, it uses discrete mosfet based 
\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Class A
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 buffer circuits. The Low pass filter at 100Hz,\'a012db per octave uses OPA2132 opamps for subwoofer outputs and a summed output of the LR channels is included. The volume control is a 25 turn knob the mutes the audio when changing volume automatically to eliminate clicks and pops that the relays would induce to the audio signal. It also has startup delay and pop free turn off. Any other questions are welcomed. (All PCB's have been conformal coated with silicone based coating "Konform SR" to prevent tarnishing of the copper traces).}