{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 Consolas;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red27\green31\blue34;\red10\green77\blue204;\red21\green23\blue26;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c0;\csgenericrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c14118\c16078\c18039;\cssrgb\c1176\c40000\c83922;\cssrgb\c10588\c12157\c13725\c4706;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01.;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01.;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01.;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01.;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
{\info
{\author Ben Provenzano III}
{\*\company Provenzano Electronics LLC.}
{\*\copyright (C) Provenzano LLC.}}\margl1440\margr1440\vieww22900\viewh20040\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0  
\f1\fs36 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Thank you for supporting the RetroPie, the Internet\'92s most advanced video entertainment system, featuring old school sound and nostalgic graphics! \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\qc\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 NEED HELP WITH INSTALLATION \
MAINTENANCE OR SERVICE? 
\b0 \
Access the RetroPie Online Setup Guide \
On the World Wide Web \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/RetroPie/RetroPie-Setup/wiki"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/RetroPie/RetroPie-Setup/wiki}}
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1\i\b\fs48 \cf3 \cb4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl580\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb2 ADDING ROMS 
\f2\i0\b0\fs24 \cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl380\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\fs32 \cf6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(1) \'a0Ensure that your USB is formatted to FAT32.
\f2\fs24 \cf2 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\fs32 \cf6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(2) \'a0Create a folder called retropie on your USB drive. 
\f2\fs24 \cf2 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\fs32 \cf6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(3) \'a0Plug the USB into the Raspberry Pi and wait for it to finish blinking. 
\f2\fs24 \cf2 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\fs32 \cf6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(4) \'a0Pull the USB drive out and plug it into a computer. 
\f2\fs24 \cf2 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\fs32 \cf6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(5) \'a0Add the roms to their respective folders (in the retropie/roms folder). 
\f2\fs24 \cf2 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\fs32 \cf6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(6) \'a0Plug it back into the Raspberry Pi. 
\f2\fs24 \cf2 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\fs32 \cf6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(7) \'a0Wait for it to finish blinking. 
\f2\fs24 \cf2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl380\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\fs32 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(8) \'a0\cf6 Refresh emulationstation on by choosing quit from the start menu and selecting Restart EmulationStation. \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl380\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 **	\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Adding ROMs over the network.
\f3\b\fs30 \cf7 \cb5 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl380\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs32 \cf8 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0    {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.samba.org/samba/what_is_samba.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Samba}}\cf7 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'a0is a software suite that allows you to access file systems over the network. Naturally both your PC and Pi will need to be connected to the same network via Ethernet or Wifi in order to successfully transfer your files.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
if on windows type\'a0
\f4\fs27\fsmilli13600 \cb9 \\\\RETROPIE
\f1\fs32 \cb5 \'a0into the computer folder. You can also replace RETROPIE with your Raspberry Pi's IP address\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
if on MAC OS X open finder, select "Go" menu and "Connect to Server". Type
\f3 \'a0
\f4\fs27\fsmilli13600 \cb9 smb://retropie
\f3\fs32 \cb5 \'a0
\f1 and hit "Connect". Connect as a Guest User.
\f3 \cb1 \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl580\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\i\b\fs48 \cf5 \cb2 CONNECTION & INSTALLATION 
\f2\i0\b0\fs24 \cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Connect the HDMI cable to the HDMI port on your Raspberry Pi and to the HDMI port on your TV Set. 
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs32 Connect the SNES or PS2 Clone USB cable to a USB port on the Raspberry Pi. 
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs32 Connect the AC plug to the power input jack on the Raspberry Pi, plug the AC adapter into a standard (110/120 volt AC) wall outlet. 
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\i\b\fs32 \cf2 Optional: 
\f2\i0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Connect an Ethernet cable to the Ethernet port on the Raspberry Pi, plug the Ethernet cable into your router. 
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs32 Connect a Keyboard and/or Mouse to the Raspberry Pi. 
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl580\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\i\b\fs48 \cf5 \cb2 CONFIGURING WIFI 
\f2\i0\b0\fs24 \cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl380\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\fs32 \cf2 (1) \'a0\ul A keyboard will be needed for this operation. 
\f2\fs24 \ulnone \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\fs32 (2) \'a0Select Retropie from the console menu. 
\f2\fs24 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\fs32 (3) \'a0Navigate to WiFi using the D-Pad and select with the A(2) button.
\f2\fs24 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\fs32 (4) \'a0Select Connect to WiFi Network with the keyboard. 
\f2\fs24 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\fs32 (5) \'a0Choose the SSID you want to connect to.
\f2\fs24 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\fs32 (6) \'a0Enter wifi password using the keyboard and select ok. 
\f2\fs24 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\fs32 (7) \'a0Select cancel with the keyboard to exit back to the Retropie console menu. 
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl580\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\i\b\fs48 \cf5 \cb2 RETROPIE OPERATION 
\f2\i0\b0\fs24 \cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl380\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\fs32 \cf2 (1) \'a0Turn your television on. 
\f2\fs24 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\fs32 (2) \'a0Set your TV to the HDMI source. 
\f2\fs24 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\fs32 (3) \'a0Plug in AC adapter to Raspberry Pi and wall outlet.\
Make sure the red power indicator light and the green activity light on the front of the Raspberry Pi are on (check the AC adaptor and plug if not). 
\f2\fs24 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\fs32 (4) \'a0Use the D-pad on controller #1 to and select the console you want, then press the A(2) button on to select it . 
\f2\fs24 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\fs32 (5) \'a0Use the D-pad on controller #1 to navigate the game list and select the A(2) button on to select a game you want to play. Use the B(3) button to return to the console list. 
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl580\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\i\b\fs48 \cf5 \cb2 EXITING GAMES 
\f2\i0\b0\fs24 \cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl380\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\fs32 \cf2 (1) \'a0Save your game before exiting. 
\f2\fs24 \
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\fs32 (2) \'a0Press the Select button and the Start button simultaneously on controller #1. 
\f2\fs24 \uc0\u8232 
\f1\fs32 \'97OR\'97\uc0\u8232 Press the Escape key on an attached keyboard. 
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl580\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\i\b\fs48 \cf5 \cb2 RETURNING TO REGULAR TV 
\f2\i0\b0\fs24 \cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs32 \cf2 After you have finished playing, press the start button on the console or game list menu. Navigate to Quit and select Shut-down System. Select Yes when asked if you really want to shutdown. Wait for the system to shutdown and confirm by checking to make sure the green activity light on the front of the Raspberry Pi is off. Remove the AC adapter from the power input on the Raspberry Pi. Turn your TV selector to the desired channel to view regular TV programs. 
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\i\fs32 \cf2 \ul \ulc2 NOTE: This process is necessary to keep the operating system from being corrupted due to sudden power loss!!!!
\f2\i0\fs24 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl580\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\i\b\fs48 \cf5 \cb2 CONFIGURING CONTROLLERS 
\f2\i0\b0\fs24 \cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs32 \cf2 (1) Insert the new controller\'92s USB into an empty port on the Raspberry Pi. 
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs32 (2) Hit the Start button on an already configured controller and select Configure input in the menu. 
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs32 (3) Follow the prompts on the new controller. If you do not have a button to correlate, hold down any button until it dismisses the current prompt. 
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs32 (4) Hit OK. \
*** To use both axis (D-Pad) of the DualShock PS2 Clone USB Controller you must reconfigure the controller as shown above while the ANALOG button is enabled. This controller must be in analog mode (red led lit) to enable both D-Pad.
\f2\fs24 \
}